Document missing label and sessionTypes members on MediaKeySystemAccess.getConfiguration() (#44270)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/mediakeysystemaccess/getconfiguration/index.md

The **`getConfiguration()`** method of the {{domxref("MediaKeySystemAccess")}} interface returns an object with the supported combination of the following configuration options:

- `label` {{ReadOnlyInline}}

>   - : A string identifying the configuration, preserved as-is from the configuration passed to {{domxref("Navigator.requestMediaKeySystemAccess()")}}. Defaults to the empty string.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - : A string identifying the configuration, preserved as-is from the configuration passed to {{domxref("Navigator.requestMediaKeySystemAccess()")}}.
    Defaults to the empty string (`""`).
```

  - : Indicates whether a persistent distinctive identifier is required.
- `persistentState` {{ReadOnlyInline}}
  - : Indicates whether the ability to persist state is required.
- `sessionTypes` {{ReadOnlyInline}}

>   - : An array of strings indicating the session types that must be supported, such as `"temporary"` or `"persistent-license"`.

Reviewer: We're more precise than this in specifying the required types - i.e it isn't "such as" it's a list of types. 
When you get back the value it is not longer "that must be supported" but that "are supported". As I understand the spec, if you pass in a configuration to `requestMediaKeySystemAccess()` the promise will be rejected unless all the requirements can be met, so there isn't any practical difference between must be and are supported.

Anyhow ... these duplicate the text from `requestMediaKeySystemAccess()`.

```suggestion
  - : An array of strings indicating the session types that are supported by the configuration.
        Permitted values include:
        - `temporary`
          - : A session for which the license, key(s) and record of or data related to the session are not persisted.
            The application does not need to manage such storage.
            Implementations must support this option, and it is the default.
        - `persistent-license`
          - : A session for which the license (and potentially other data related to the session) will be persisted.
            A record of the license and associated keys persists even if the license is destroyed, providing an attestation that the license and key(s) it contains are no longer usable by the client.
```
